Add blog post on Angular + Auth0 with OktaDev Schematics (#952)
oktadeveloper/okta-blog: _source/_posts/2022-01-04-angular-auth0-quickly.md

---
layout: blog_post
title: "Add OpenID Connect to Angular Apps Quickly"
author: matt-raible
by: advocate
communities: [javascript]

> description: "This tutorial shows you how to add OpenID Connect authentication with Auth0 in just a few minutes."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "This tutorial shows you how to add OpenID Connect authentication to an Angular app with Auth0 in just a few minutes."

tags: [javascript, angular, typescript, auth0]
tweets:

> - ""
> - ""
> - ""

Author: ```suggestion
- "Add authentication to your @angular app in minutes with @auth0!"
- "Use OpenID Connect to secure your #Angular apps quickly."
- "Create an app with OIDC authentication in minutes! Use `ng new` to create an app, then `ng add @oktadev/schematics --auth0` to add auth."
```

  chart.draw(data, options);
}
</script>

I kid, I kid. 😅

I don't think Stack Overflow tags indicate that developers have a hard time with the framework; I think they indicate a thriving community. The more people use technology, the more they submit questions for it. 

[hotframeworks.com](https://hotframeworks.com/) lists a score that combines GitHub stars with Stack Overflow tags and says the top six web frameworks are as follows (at the time of this writing):

1. React
2. ASP.NET MVC
3. Angular
4. Ruby on Rails
5. AngularJS
6. Vue.js

Angular is still very popular among developers. If you're developing an Angular app today, you probably need a way to authenticate your users. That's where OpenID Connect (OIDC) can help you. OIDC is a layer on top of OAuth 2.0 that provides identity. 

In this tutorial, I'll how you to add OIDC authentication with Auth0 to a new Angular app in just a few steps. 

**Prerequisites:**

* A favorite text editor or IDE. I recommend [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/), but I know many JavaScript developers prefer [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).
* [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) v14+ and npm installed.

> {% include toc.md %}

Author: ```suggestion
{% include toc.md %}

If you would rather follow along by watching a video, check out the screencast below from [the OktaDev YouTube channel](https://youtu.be/Wm9UBtWsvZw).

{% youtube Wm9UBtWsvZw %}
```

---
layout: blog_post
title: "Add OpenID Connect to Angular Apps Quickly"
author: matt-raible
by: advocate
communities: [javascript]
description: "This tutorial shows you how to add OpenID Connect authentication with Auth0 in just a few minutes."
tags: [javascript, angular, typescript, auth0]
tweets:
- ""
- ""
- ""
image:
type: conversion
github: https://github.com/oktadev/auth0-angular-example

> ---

Reviewer: My  primary suggestions are:

- Run through the CLI commands one more time in a fresh directory. This may be just my machine but the default scaffolded app was out of date, which was strange. Node 16.3.1, npm 8.3.
- I may reorder the main content. I would have "What we're going to do in this demo" before an Angular intro/retrospective.
- Reorder the app registration sections to allow CLI or UI. Perhaps make a note to save the client information etc.
- I would add a bit more detail about what's actually happening for a couple of the steps. I've made some suggestions in that regard.

Author: Thanks for the review @Ryanman. I recorded a screencast of this post and didn't experience any issues back in December. If I make any of the above changes, do you think I'll need to re-record the screencast? Here's a link to it (you might need to request permission to view it). https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kyQdVbuAOMc0YuD0Bo55sOLsPmJ74Sli/view?usp=sharing

> AngularJS 1.0 was released in October 2020. At the time, it was one of the most popular web frameworks to ever see the light of day. Developers loved it and many apps were created with it. It's next major release, Angular 2.0, was released in September 2016. Six years is a long time between major releases. Angular 2 took over two years to develop and many folks jumped to other frameworks rather than waiting for the rewrite. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AngularJS 1.0 was released in October 2010. At the time, it was considered one of the most revolutionary and popular web frameworks to ever see the light of day. Developers loved it and many apps were created with it. As a pioneer in the JS framework space, however, AngularJS had some growing pains and major issues. The team went back to the drawing board for a major breaking release with Angular 2. It took two years to develop, and influenced many devs to hop onto other frameworks in the meantime.  
```

I love remembering the heyday of Angular JS - Is this an effective hook for the rest of the blog post?

Author: It's not as much of a hook as an intro. I still find a lot of people confuse Angular JS and Angular, so it's an attempt to mitigate that.

> Today, five years after Angular 2 was released, we just call it "Angular" and its latest release is v13. Five years is a long time for a web framework to live and thrive. If you look at the number of Stack Overflow questions, you'll see that users struggle with React far more than Angular.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, five years after Angular 2 was released, we just call it "Angular" and its version numbers have far less meaning. Five years is a long time for a modern JS web framework to live and thrive. If you look at the number of Stack Overflow questions, you'll see that users struggle with React far more than Angular.
```

<script src="https://www.gstatic.com/charts/loader.js"></script>
<div id="stack-overflow-tags"></div>
<script>
google.charts.load('current', {packages: ['corechart', 'bar']});
google.charts.setOnLoadCallback(drawChart);
function drawChart() {
  var data = google.visualization.arrayToDataTable([
    ['Framework', 'Stack Overflow tags', { role: 'style' }],
    ['Angular', 266938, 'red'],
    ['React', 348946, '#61dafb'],
    ['Vue', 87085, '#4fc08d']
  ]);
  var options = {
    title: 'Stack Overflow Tagged Questions',
    chartArea: {width: '50%'},
    hAxis: {
      title: 'Tags',
      minValue: 0
    },
    vAxis: {
      title: 'Web Framework'
    }
  };
  var chart = new google.visualization.BarChart(document.getElementById('stack-overflow-tags'));
  chart.draw(data, options);
}
</script>

I kid, I kid. 😅

> I don't think Stack Overflow tags indicate that developers have a hard time with the framework, I think they indicate a thriving community. The more questions, the more people are using it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I don't think Stack Overflow tags indicate that developers have a hard time with the framework; I think they indicate a thriving community. The more people use technology, the more they submit questions for it. 
```

[hotframeworks.com](https://hotframeworks.com/) lists a score that combines GitHub stars with Stack Overflow tags and says the top six web frameworks are as follows (at the time of this writing):

1. React
2. ASP.NET MVC
3. Angular
4. Ruby on Rails
5. AngularJS
6. Vue.js

Angular is still very popular among developers. If you're developing an Angular app today, you probably need a way to authenticate your users. That's where OpenID Connect (OIDC) can help you. OIDC is a layer on top of OAuth 2.0 that provides identity. 

In this tutorial, I'll how you to add OIDC authentication with Auth0 to a new Angular app in just a few steps. 

**Prerequisites:**

* A favorite text editor or IDE. I recommend [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/), but I know many JavaScript developers prefer [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).
* [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) v14+ and npm installed.

{% include toc.md %}

## Create an Angular app

> First, you'll need to create a new Angular app with routing enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you'll need to create a new Angular app with routing enabled. The Angular CLI is built to do this in a simple command.
```

```shell
npx @angular/cli@13 new auth0-demo --routing
```

> Select your favorite stylesheet format. The selection you make doesn't matter for this example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll be prompted to select your favorite stylesheet format. The selection you make doesn't matter for this example since we're focused on functionality rather than updating visuals.
```

## Add Auth with OpenID Connect

> To add authentication with Auth0, you'll first need a [free Auth0 account](https://auth0.com/signup). Install the [Auth0 CLI](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-cli#installation) and run `auth0 login` to register your account. Then, run `auth0 apps create`. Specify a name and description of your choosing. Select **Single Page Web Application** and use `http://localhost:4200/home` for the Callback URL. Specify `http://localhost:4200` for the rest of the URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add authentication with Auth0, you'll first need a [free Auth0 account](https://auth0.com/signup). Install the [Auth0 CLI](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-cli#installation) and run `auth0 login` to register your account. Then, run `auth0 apps create`. Use the name `auth0-demo` and specify a description of your choosing. Select **Single Page Web Application** and use `http://localhost:4200/home` for the Callback URL. Specify `http://localhost:4200` for the rest of the URLs. We're using 4200 as the port here because that's the default for local Angular development.
```

We've had much better results specifying names for apps in blog posts and keeping them connected for local dev and app registrations. If you'd want something more descriptive you could change it across the post.

{% img blog/angular-auth0/auth0-apps-create.png alt:"auth0 apps create" width:"800" %}{: .center-image }

> Once you have a new Angular app and Auth0 OIDC set up, you can use [OktaDev Schematics](https://github.com/oktadev/schematics#angular--auth0) to add OAuth 2.0 and OIDC support to your Angular app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have a new Angular app and Auth0 OIDC set up, you can use [OktaDev Schematics](https://github.com/oktadev/schematics#angular--auth0) to add OAuth 2.0 and OIDC support to your Angular app. Be sure to execute this command in the folder for the app itself (`auth0-demo`) adjacent to `package.json`.
```

```shell

> ng add @oktadev/schematics --auth0

Reviewer: I had fairly severe issues with the Angular CLI here and the default app scaffold. 

`npx @angular/cli@13 new auth0-demo --routing` shot off an error about an incompatibility between jasmine packages. You can find a github issue [here ](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/issues/20719) that's marked as resolved, but it really isn't.

In addition the default app set up, bizarrely, uses v11 cli and core for angular. It also has 64 high vulnerabilities out of the gate.

In order to get the oktadev schematic to install correctly I had to run:

1. npm update
2. npm audit fix --force
2. ng update @angular/cli@12 --force
3. ng update@angular/cli@13

Author: @Ryanman What version of Node.js and npm are you using? Also, which operating system? As you can see from the screencast I created, I did not experience any of these issues.

Author: I just tried `npx @angular/cli@13 new auth0-demo --routing` and `ng add @oktadev/schematics --auth0` again and didn't experience any issues. I'm using Node.js 14 and npm 8.

<img width="1457" alt="npx @angular:cli" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17892/148810951-f96ea83b-b52a-41df-ad68-1e954ca7c8ca.png">

<img width="1457" alt="ng add @oktadev:schematics" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17892/148810997-e141073c-3b80-4ce9-be96-a9fcca030a4d.png">

Reviewer: This is crazy! I've chosen the SCSS processor, and yes to TS. However I still get the error with vanilla JS and CSS.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1376624/148846216-b71f696e-ead7-4983-93cd-f060343d68be.png)

I am on windows, but I'm having a hard time thinking that's the issue. Perhaps we mention it as a potential error to account for? I'll try on a different machine soon.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1376624/148846529-dc95ef24-f7db-4c59-8e80-4331af68c31c.png)

Author: Can you try with Node 14 and see if it still happens? I'll try with Node 16 too.

Author: Are you running `npx @angular/cli@13 new auth0-demo --routing` or `ng new`? I tried it with Node.js 16 and didn't have any issues. You might try `npm uninstall -g @angular/cli`?

I have a Windows 10 machine in Parallels I'll try...

Author: I tried running `npx @angular/cli@13 new auth0-demo --routing` on my Parallels instance of Windows 10 and it works fine with Node.js 16. 

<img width="1464" alt="Screen Shot 2022-01-10 at 22 35 54" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17892/148887428-c305c240-96d2-4ee0-89d6-f30db413726c.png">

However, when I try to run `ng add`, I do get an error:

```
C:\Users\mraible>cd auth0-demo

C:\Users\mraible\auth0-demo>ng add @oktadev/schematics --auth0
'ng' is not recognized as an internal or external command,
operable program or batch file.
```

If I use `npx @angular/cli@13 add @oktadev/schematics --auth0`, it works. Maybe it'd be best to just recommend `npm install -g @angular/cli@13` and not use `npx`?

Reviewer: I tested this on a different machine and had 0 issues. I then updated my global install of the angular CLI and encountered no problems. 

I apologize for the heartburn! We should be good.

Reviewer 2: @mraible if you don't have Angular CLI globally installed, you'll have to use `npx` for all `ng` commands, as you noted for adding the schematic (same with `npx @angular/cli generate component login` for example).

So I recommend still having a version of Angular CLI installed globally. But by using `npx` to create the app, you can specify the version of the Angular app and you'll use the project version of the CLI tool for subsequent commands in the project dir. Angular used to output a warning about that in the `ng --version` command, but I don't see it anymore now. However, you can see the difference in version output. In the screenshots below I have Angular v10 globally installed and created the app with Angular v13.

![v10](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7586237/148955130-dc9647f2-90d3-4ac2-be90-aa773d866ef2.jpg)
![v13](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7586237/148955128-90bf3fe9-555d-4eba-aeb0-51c2533cc1c7.jpg)

IMHO - I think it's a good idea to use `npx`. This is so people don't have to keep changing their Angular CLI version to follow a tutorial. On my work machine previously, I wanted to keep my Angular CLI/Node/npm version to match my build server and want to streamline work needs, not tutorial requirements.

Author: I haven't really started using `npx` until the last year. Since it causes confusion in this post, I decided to remove it.

```

> You'll be prompted for an issuer and client ID. You should have these from the OIDC app you just created. The issuer will be displayed right above your client ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Auth0 CLI will prompt you for an issuer URL and client ID, which were displayed when setting up the app in Auth0. If you used the CLI, it would have shown the issuer URL right above the client ID.
```

```shell
=== dev-0ua1y-go.us.auth0.com application created

  CLIENT ID            TJgZxGnlSkqUe6JfMFSipZcFsbpl6LS2
```

This process will perform the following steps for you:

1. Install the [Auth0 Angular SDK](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-angular).
2. Add `src/app/auth-routing.module.ts` with your OIDC configuration and initialization logic.
3. Configure an `AuthHttpInterceptor` that adds an `Authorization` header with an access token to outbound requests.
4. Create a `HomeComponent` and configure it with authentication logic.
5. Update unit tests for `AppComponent` and `HomeComponent` to mock Auth0.

> To see all the changes it makes to your files, see [this pull request on GitHub](https://github.com/oktadev/auth0-angular-example/pull/1/files). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see all the changes it makes to your files, see [this pull request on GitHub](https://github.com/oktadev/auth0-angular-example/pull/1/files). If you're interested in learning more about schematics, you can find more information [here](https://angular.io/guide/schematics). 
```

Author: I don't know that a link to learn more about Schematics is necessary since this post focuses on Angular and Auth0. If I were to provide a link, I'd link to https://developer.okta.com/blog/2019/02/13/angular-schematics.

> ### Use the Auth0 Console instead of the CLI

Reviewer: This should be moved up adjacent to the CLI instructions, and reorganized to show that you can accomplish the same goal either way.

Author: I tend to de-emphasize using a console over a CLI. This is because the Okta Admin console changed in March 2020 and made 400+ blog posts invalid. I spent months updating them and I'm still scared of future changes that might invalid posts again. To help prevent this in the future, we now only include CLI instructions and link to console instructions. For examples, see https://developer.okta.com/blog/setup.

Reviewer: I think focusing on and prioritizing the CLI is 100% the way to go. After re-looking at it I think this location does make sense as it's after the conclusion of all the CLI instructions, it's just a bit strange & stuck out to me on first reading to have a middle step at the end.

Could we perhaps even eliminate this whole section and add just a sentence about the other option for registering an app via the console? I'll resolve this and leave it up to you.

You can also use the Auth0 Console to create an OIDC app:

* [Log in](https://auth0.com/auth/login) to Auth0 or [create an account](https://auth0.com/signup) if you don't have one. Go to **Applications** > **Create Application**.
* Choose **Single Page Web Applications** as the application type and click **Create**.
* Click **Angular**, then the **Settings** tab.
* Add `http://localhost:4200/home` as an Allowed Callback URL and `http://localhost:4200` as a Logout URL.
* Specify `http://localhost:4200` as an Allowed Origin and click **Save Changes** at the bottom.

### Test your Angular authentication flow

Run `ng serve` in your app, and you should see a login button at `http://localhost:4200/home`.

{% img blog/angular-auth0/auth0-login-button.png alt:"Auth0 Login button" width:"800" %}{: .center-image }

> Click the **Login** button and sign in with one of the users that's configured in your Auth0 application, or sign up as a new user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the **Login** button and sign in with one of the configured users for your Auth0 application. Because this is just a demo, you probably haven't done that - more likely, you should sign up as a new user.
```

{% img blog/angular-auth0/auth0-login-form.png alt:"Auth0 Login form" width:"800" %}{: .center-image }

> You'll be redirected back to your app and a **Logout** button will be displayed in the bottom left corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After login, you'll be redirected back to your app, and you'll see a **Logout** button displayed in the bottom left corner.
```

{% img blog/angular-auth0/auth0-logout-button.png alt:"Auth0 Logout button" width:"800" %}{: .center-image }

### Display the authenticated user's name

To display the authenticated user's name, you can use the `user$` observable on the `AuthService` instance.

Modify `src/app/home/home.component.html` to display a welcome message to the user.

{% raw %}
```html
<div>
  <button *ngIf="(auth.isAuthenticated$ | async) === false" (click)="login()" id="login">Login</button>
  <div *ngIf="auth.user$ | async as user">
    <h2>Welcome, {{user?.name}}!</h2>
  </div>
  <button *ngIf="auth.isAuthenticated$ | async" (click)="logout()" id="logout">Logout</button>
</div>
```
{% endraw %}

Refresh your app, and you should see your name displayed.

{% img blog/angular-auth0/display-user-name.png alt:"Display user's name" width:"800" %}{: .center-image }

If everything works—congrats!

## Learn more about Angular and OpenID Connect

> I hope you enjoyed this quick tutorial on using Auth0 for authentication in your Angular apps. If you're looking for a more detailed step-by-step tutorial, please read [The Complete Guide to Angular User Authentication with Auth0](https://auth0.com/blog/complete-guide-to-angular-user-authentication/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I hope you enjoyed this quick tutorial on using Auth0 and schematics for authentication in your Angular apps. If you're looking for a more detailed step-by-step tutorial, please read [The Complete Guide to Angular User Authentication with Auth0](https://auth0.com/blog/complete-guide-to-angular-user-authentication/).
```

---
layout: blog_post
title: "Add OpenID Connect to Angular Apps Quickly"
author: matt-raible
by: advocate
communities: [javascript]
description: "This tutorial shows you how to add OpenID Connect authentication to an Angular app with Auth0 in just a few minutes."
tags: [javascript, angular, typescript, auth0]
tweets:
- "Add authentication to your @angular app in minutes with @auth0!"
- "Use OpenID Connect to secure your #Angular apps quickly."
- "Create an app with OIDC authentication in minutes! Use `ng new` to create an app, then `ng add @oktadev/schematics --auth0` to add auth."
image:
type: conversion

> github: https://github.com/oktadev/auth0-angular-example

Author: ```suggestion
github: https://github.com/oktadev/auth0-angular-example
canonical: https://auth0.com/blog/add-oidc-to-angular-apps-quickly/
```

---

> AngularJS 1.0 was released in October 2010. At the time, it was considered one of the most revolutionary and popular web frameworks to ever see the light of day. Developers loved it and many apps were created with it. As a pioneer in the JS framework space, however, AngularJS had some growing pains and major issues. The team went back to the drawing board for a major breaking release with Angular 2. It took two years to develop, and influenced many devs to hop onto other frameworks in the meantime.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AngularJS 1.0 was released in October 2010. At the time, it was considered one of the most revolutionary and popular web frameworks ever to see the light of day. Developers loved it, and created many apps with it. However, as a pioneer in the JS framework space, AngularJS had some growing pains and significant issues. The team went back to the drawing board for a major breaking release with Angular 2. It took two years to develop and influenced many devs to hop onto other frameworks in the meantime.  
```

> Today, five years after Angular 2 was released, we just call it "Angular" and its version numbers have far less meaning. Five years is a long time for a modern JS web framework to live and thrive. If you look at the number of Stack Overflow questions, you'll see that users struggle with React far more than Angular.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, five years after Angular 2 was released, we just call it "Angular", and its version numbers have far less meaning. Five years is a long time for a modern JS web framework to live and thrive. If you look at the number of Stack Overflow questions, you'll see that users struggle with React far more than Angular.
```

    ['React', 358026, '#61dafb'],
    ['Vue', 88703, '#4fc08d']
  ]);
  var options = {
    title: 'Stack Overflow Tagged Questions',
    chartArea: {width: '50%'},
    hAxis: {
      title: 'Tags',
      minValue: 0
    },
    vAxis: {
      title: 'Web Framework'
    }
  };
  var chart = new google.visualization.BarChart(document.getElementById('stack-overflow-tags'));
  chart.draw(data, options);
}
</script>

I kid, I kid. 😅

I don't think Stack Overflow tags indicate that developers have a hard time with the framework; I think they indicate a thriving community. The more people use technology, the more they submit questions for it. 

[hotframeworks.com](https://hotframeworks.com/) lists a score that combines GitHub stars with Stack Overflow tags and says the top six web frameworks are as follows (at the time of this writing):

1. React
2. ASP.NET MVC
3. Angular
4. Ruby on Rails
5. AngularJS
6. Vue.js

Angular is still very popular among developers. If you're developing an Angular app today, you probably need a way to authenticate your users. That's where OpenID Connect (OIDC) can help you. OIDC is a layer on top of OAuth 2.0 that provides identity. 

> In this tutorial, I'll how you to add OIDC authentication with Auth0 to a new Angular app in just a few steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, I'll show you how to add OIDC authentication with Auth0 to a new Angular app in just a few steps. 
```

Refresh your app, and you should see your name displayed.

{% img blog/angular-auth0/display-user-name.png alt:"Display user's name" width:"800" %}{: .center-image }

If everything works—congrats!

## Learn more about Angular and OpenID Connect

I hope you enjoyed this quick tutorial on using Auth0 and OIDC for authentication in your Angular apps. If you're looking for a more detailed step-by-step tutorial, please read [The Complete Guide to Angular User Authentication with Auth0](https://auth0.com/blog/complete-guide-to-angular-user-authentication/).

You can find the source code for the example on GitHub in the [@oktadev/auth0-angular-example](https://github.com/oktadev/auth0-angular-example) repository.

To learn more about Angular and OIDC, check out the following blog posts:

- [What You Need to Know about Angular v13](/blog/2021/11/10/angular-v13)
- [The Things to Keep in Mind about Auth](/blog/2021/10/29/things-to-keep-in-mind-about-auth)
- [A Quick Guide to Angular and GraphQL](/blog/2021/10/22/angular-graphql)

[{% img blog/angular-auth0/angular-mini-book.jpg alt:"The Angular Mini-Book" width:"100" %}{: .pull-right }](https://www.infoq.com/minibooks/angular-mini-book/)

> I [just published a mini-book book on Angular](https://raibledesigns.com/rd/entry/the_angular_mini_book_1) that might interest you too. It's called [The Angular Mini-Book](https://www.infoq.com/minibooks/angular-mini-book/) and is available as a free download from InfoQ. It's a tutorial-style book that shows you how to develop a bare-bones application, test it, and deploy it. Then you'll move on to adding Bootstrap, Angular Material, continuous integration, and authentication. Spring Boot is a popular framework for building REST APIs. You'll learn how to integrate Angular with Spring Boot and use security best practices like HTTPS and a content security policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I [just published a mini-book book on Angular](https://raibledesigns.com/rd/entry/the_angular_mini_book_1) that might interest you too. It's called [The Angular Mini-Book](https://www.infoq.com/minibooks/angular-mini-book/) and is available as a free download from InfoQ. The book is written tutorial-style and shows you how to develop a bare-bones application, test it, and deploy it. Then you'll move on to adding Bootstrap, Angular Material, continuous integration, and authentication. You'll also learn how to integrate Angular with Spring Boot (A popular REST API Framework) and use security best practices like HTTPS and a content security policy.
```

> If you liked this tutorial, chances are you like others we publish. Please follow [Auth0](https://twitter.com/auth0) and [OktaDev](https://twitter.com/oktadev) on Twitter to get notified when we publish new developer tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you liked this tutorial, chances are you'll like others we publish. Please follow [Auth0](https://twitter.com/auth0) and [OktaDev](https://twitter.com/oktadev) on Twitter to get notified when we publish new developer tutorials.
```
